3/10 -> This trilogy was horrible Terrible story universe continuity and ending Such a disappointment Typical results of big corporation making decisions based on executive KPIs rather than producing a great product

6/10 - > Star Wars Episode IX is at times a decent thrill ride and it provides us with some satisfying moments but it fails to tell a compelling story It feels empty It rushes through a corporate checklist of must-have moments at a chaotic pace It manages to thrill with epic space battles but it lacks a soul There no creative vision here no story to tell The pressure that comes with making a Star Wars movie seems to have shackled the creators preventing them from doing anything interesting with the film It a shame The Star Wars universe is one of the greatest fictional universes ever created It should provide fertile ground for many new and interesting stories If I were Disney I would take a serious look at the creative process for these films They could probably learn a thing or two from Marvel Studios

8/10 -> There are not many franchises which have been renewed recently which I have actually thought turned out well. Most have been done badly but I have to say that Jumanji stands out as an exception. This movie does not have a heavy deep story, doesnt try to be anything more than it is, this movie makes you laugh, keeps you entertained and ensures you leave the theater feeling happier than you went in. It wont win oscars but it will win your heart, definitely a movie to go and enjoy at this time of year.

10/10 -> Don't listen to the critics saying this movie is boring. This movie is one of the most tense and exciting movies I've seen in years. Amazing cinematography and overall amazing experience of a movie.

10/10 -> I sat in a packed yet silent theater this morning and watched, what I believe to be, the next Academy Award winner for the Best Picture. I'm not at all a fan of war movies but I am a fan of great movies....and 1917 is a great movie. I have never been so mesmerized by set design and direction, the mass human emotion of this film is astonishingly captured and embedded magically in the audience. It keeps running through my mind...the poetry and beauty intertwined with the raw misery of war. Treat yourself....see this movie!

5/10 -> The movie has some good humorous moments but generally somewhat lengthy Also the story could have been a little more deepened